Mu Zhizhi
Why did you bring me here?
Let's go ride a ferris wheel
I'm not going.
Why is that?
Ferris wheel
What's that?
What? You haven't been on a ferris wheel yet?
Ah!
Then we'll go with you again. Come on.
Look!
I didn't know this city before.
So this is it.
How about I didn't bring you here by mistake?
Muzhizhi Hmm
When I first met you
I find you ordinary and rude
Stupid and out of grade
There is no sparkle in the whole body
Didn't we agree to have a romantic date today?
But no flash
On the contrary, there are still many disadvantages
Enough. I brought you here today.
Not to make you viper
But now
What happens now?
I still haven't changed my mind.
I still hate you
I hate it when you and your brother are so close
I hate that you like the sheep boat so much.
I like you now.
I only like you.
I was in his heart
So important
Zhizhi
Don't worry, leave you to me.
I will be nice to you.